# college-compare
 https://in-info-web4.informatics.iupui.edu/~lilywebe/college-compare/
 
 
College Compare is a site where users can access information about different colleges across the US. Users can create profiles for themselves, add colleges to their profile, favorite colleges, view colleges side by side, view individual colleges and search/filter through the entire database of colleges. Users must be signed in to favorite colleges and add colleges to the database. Once a user has added a college, they are able to make updates to that college as well. Users can also edit their account information after confirming their password. This site was originally intended to be run via an API that held very detailed information about US colleges, unfortunately, I was unable to gain access to an educational license for that API. To solve that problem, I found a dataset online and imported it into a firebase database instead. In order to implement text searching (a feature that firebase does not have without using third party add ons), I found an example on medium of keyword generation and added those keywords as a field to each college using two functions. The search function is case sensitive due to the keyword generation exceeding my limit on firebase writes.  Additionally, the API that I intended to use included images while the dataset that I eventually found did not. To solve the problem of not having images to represent the schools, I requested images from wikipedia using a regular expression. The site will continually make requests to Wikipedia while it is running. The users' favorite colleges as well as the colleges added by hand are stored in separate databases in the same firebase project. The colleges are linked to the user via a field in the doc called user that stores the current user's user id. Authentication is also handled via firebase. 
